Remove mentions of ListUsers excluded users (#769)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/getting-started/perform-list-users.mdx

# Perform a List Users call

:::caution Warning

> List Users is currently an experimental feature and not yet suitable for production. Read [the announcement](https://openfga.dev/blog/list-users-announcement) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ListUsers is currently an experimental feature and not yet suitable for production. Read [the announcement](https://openfga.dev/blog/list-users-announcement) for more information.
```

Author: For better or worse, the convention in the docs is two words. Examples: "List Objects" and "List Users".

Reviewer: In the caution block below we have `ListUsers` and elsewhere throughout this doc we do `List Users`. Let's just remain consistent.

## Type-bound Public Access

> The List Users API supports tuples expressing public access via the wildcard syntax (e.g. `user:*`). Wildcard tuples that satisfy the query criteria will be returned with the `wildcard` root object property that will specify the type. A typed-bound public access result indicates that the object has a public relation but it doesn't necessarily indicate that all users of that type have that relation, it is possible that exclusions via the `but not` syntax exists. The API will not expand wildcard results further to any ID'd subjects. Further, specific users that have been granted accesss will be returned in addition to any public acccess for that user's type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ListUsers API supports tuples expressing public access via the wildcard syntax (e.g. `user:*`). Wildcard tuples that satisfy the query criteria will be returned with the `wildcard` root object property that will specify the type. A typed-bound public access result indicates that the object has a public relation but it doesn't necessarily indicate that all users of that type have that relation, it is possible that exclusions via the `but not` syntax exists. The API will not expand wildcard results further to any ID'd user object. Further, specific users that have been granted access will be returned in addition to any public access for that user's type.
```

Fixed a couple typos and also made a small change to avoid overloading usage of subjects and users in the same paragraph.

:::caution

> **Note:** A ListUsers response with a type-bound public access result (e.g. `user:*`) doesn't necessarily indicate that all users of that type have acces, it is possible that exclusions exist. It is recommended to [perform a Check](./perform-check.mdx) on specific users to ensure they have access to the target object.

Reviewer: Do we need the caution and the NOTE in the same body? Since we're in a caution block in the first place, I'd just include the text directly. We don't need both.
